---
layout: assignment_plain
title:  "Preface"
date: 2025-03-08 11:00:00 +0100
date_show: 2025-03-07 08:27:19 +0100
mathjax: true
week: 10
nav_order: 1
sol_url: ""
comments: false
categories: assignments
---




# Obligatory Assignment 1

- **Deadline:** **Sunday, April 19, 2026, at 23:59**

- Read the whole preface below before you start working.


## Preface

- This is the first of two obligatory assignments for the course AI505/AI801.

- It consists of two cases:
  - Case 1: [Path Planning]({{ "/assignments/pathplan/" | absolute_url }})
  - Case 2: [Optimization for Machine Learning]({{ "/assignments/ml/" | absolute_url }})


- This assignment should be carried out in groups of two. Groups
  different from two must be approved by the teacher.

- **Submission Format**: To complete the assignment you have to submit in
  ItsLearning a `.tgz` or `.zip` archive named `asg1.tgz` or `asg1.zip` that
  uncompresses to a directory `asg1` with the following structure:

  ```{shell}
  asg1/
  ├── README.md
  ├── data
  ├── src
  └── tex
      └── main.pdf
  ```

  - `data` must contain problem instances used for the analysis (not relevant
    for asg1)

  - `src` must contain all the Python code for the calculations you carried out.
    Do not report code in the appendix but provide indication about where it can
    be found within this directory. Do not include temporary files generated by
    computational experiments.

  - `tex` contains your report in PDF format as concise as possible with the
    answers to the tasks. The report should be written in Latex. Template is
    available from [here]({{ "/assets/template_answers.tex" | absolute_url }}).
    Remember to write all names of the members of the group.

- Questions and answers about this assignment cannot be addressed to the teacher
  but must be posted at the bottom of this page. In this way, the communication
  will be visible to the others class members as well.

- Changes to this document after publication date on March 30 will be emphasized in
  color blue.



- SDU rules on AI assistants \url{https://mitsdu.dk/en/aiatsdu} apply to this
   exam. In particular:

  - in your you have to add an Appendix where you declare to which extent you
     have used AI tools. The Appendix must be present also if you did not
     use AI and hence declare so.

  - if you do not declare but the teachers have suspects that you used AI
    tools, you will be reported for exam cheating
  
  - if you use AI, the teachers will be allowed to take this in
    consideration and to lower consequently the final grade if they
    suspect that the learning goals have not been achieved.

  In declaring the use you can share the conversation you had with the
  tools and provide the link or copying it in the Appendix. The Appendix
  is not subjected to page limits.

- You can write your answers in Danish or in English.
