---
layout: assignment_plain
title:  "Preface"
date: 2025-03-08 11:00:00 +0100
date_show: 2025-03-07 08:27:19 +0100
mathjax: true
week: 10
nav_order: 1
sol_url: ""
comments: false
categories: assignments
---


## Preface

- This is an obligatory assignment in AI505.

- This assignment should be carried out preferably in groups of two. Groups
  different from two must be approved by the teacher.

- **Submission Format**: To complete the assignment you have to submit in
  ItsLearning a `.tgz` or `.zip` archive named `asg[123].tgz` or `asg[123].zip` that
  decompress in the same structure as the `asg[123]` directory in this repository:

  ```{shell}
  asg1/
  ├── README.md
  ├── data
  ├── src
  └── tex
      └── main.pdf
  ```

  - `data` must contain problem instances used for the analysis (not relevant
    for asg1)

  - `src` must contain all the Python code for the calculations you carried out.
    Do not report code in the appendix but provide indication about where it can
    be found within this directory. Do not include temporary files generated by
    computational experiments.

  - `tex` contains your report in pdf format as concise as possible (by no way
    more than 10 pages) with the answers to the tasks. The report should be
    written in Latex using this [template]({{ "/assets/template_answers.tex" |
    absolute_url }}). Remember to write all names of the members of the group.

- Questions and answers about this assignment cannot be addressed to the teacher
  but must be posted at the bottom of this page. In this way, the communication
  will be visible to the others class members as well.

- Changes to this document after publication on March 9 will be emphasized in
  color blue.

- You are recommended to read the Guide on the use of Generative AI at SDU
  [https://mitsdu.dk/AIatSDU](https://mitsdu.dk/en/mit_studie/kandidat/matematik-oekonomi_kandidat/vejledning-og-support/aipaasdu).
  In this assignment, you can use chatbots to help you resolving coding issues
  but you are not allowed to use them to directly solve the tasks or to write
  the text of the report. As setting clear boundaries is not an easy task, if
  you use chatbots you must share the chat and provide the link in the report.
  The chat can be left anonymous and always ensure you are not sharing sensitive
  or personal information. If the chatbot does not support chat sharing, then
  you can manually share the content by 1. copying the text from the chat; 2.
  pasting it into a note/document (e.g., Google Docs, Notes, Word); 3.
  generating a shareable link via that platform (if supported). Alternatively,
  you can paste the chat in an appendix of the report beyond the page limit. The
  content of the communication will not be used to determine whether you have
  been cheating but rather as an indication of how much help you needed to solve
  the assignment.

